---
title: Smart India Hackathon
author: Bixxzy
date: '2024-08-29'
categories:
  - FOSS
tags:
  - Open source
---

### How to present for Hackathon

- Prob statement ID
- Prob statement Title
- Theme
- Category - Software
- Team id
- Team name registered in Portal

#### Idea title

- Concise overview of the idea 
- Explain the solution elaborately. Including details like how it works, its key features, and the overall approach
-  Highlight what makes our solution innovative and different from existing ones.

#### Technical approach

- Technology stack (prog lang, framework and hardware)
- system design - outline arch and design 
- Methodology, technique and process for implementation 
- Flow Charts
- Images 
- provide evidence of working prototype

#### feasibility and viablility

- analysis of feasibility of idea in  terms of technical and practical aspects
- Potential challenges and risks that could impact the project
- Suggest ways to overcome these challenges - Strategies

#### target audience and beneficial people

- Discuss how our solution will affect the target audience.
- Explain the social, economic, environmental, or other benefits of the solution.

#### Reference

- Cite any references or sources used in developing our idea.

### Things to notice

- maximum slides limit up to (6). (Including the title slide) 
- avoid paragraphs
- post your idea in points /diagrams / Infographics /pictures
- make explanation precise and easy to understand
- idea should be unique and novel
- Template: Stick to the template provided by the hackathon organizers without altering any details.
- File Format: Save and submit your presentation as a PDF.

### update

2024-09-30 Submitted the Railmadad proposal in SIH portal